All right, I was praying and the Lord told me this. I don't know who this is for, but it's for somebody because I was praying and the Lord told me, 'I want you to tell them what I told you about healing.'I said, 'Okay,'so here you go, whoever this is for.
I was talking to some people whose husband goes to our church.
I worked on the staff at Victory Church here in Oklahoma City for a long time.
I was talking to some more people there on staff, and a woman's husband was suffering from some severe arthritis—really bad.
His name was Stanley, and he told me, 'Hey, Brandon, how come not all Christians are healed when they pray, and we suffer so long with stuff?'It was kind of a challenging question and I didn't really have the answer for it, so I said, 'Well, I'll pray about it.
I don't understand why people go through what they go through, other than that we live in a fallen world.'I said, 'I'll pray about this.'I started interceding for this.
Well, it was not very long after; I was sitting on the edge of my bed getting ready for bed, and I just asked in my heart, 'Lord, why are not all Christians healed like they should be?
I would like to understand more; give me revelation.'I went to bed, and all of a sudden—I can't explain it to you, it's very similar to how I went there when he took me to the Tribulation—I was taken out of my body and I was at the foot of the cross, at his crucifixion.
He was tied to a whipping post. There was a Roman soldier with all this Roman garb on, standing on his left hand.
He was chained up with his hands just like this on a whipping post.
His hands were chained up with rope, and his hands were up on that whipping post.
I can tell you the temperature in that area; there was a dirt floor there, and the whipping post was wood.
The temperature was about 85 degrees outside, maybe 80. I could tell you because I could smell the livestock in this coliseum area.
I don't know what it was; I could see these people right here and they were watching him.
This other man on this side was wearing a black outfit; he was a big man, probably 400 pounds.
He was a massive man—he wasn't overweight, he was muscular and looked huge.
He took that cat-of-nine-tails, and this other one took this canine. Jesus'back—he was a young man.
You see all this stuff on TV where he looks old, but no, he was a young guy, 30 or 33 years old.
In your mind you're thinking he's old because of pictures, but no, he was young.
His back had oily skin; he had dirt on him from the sweat, and you could see the dirt on his back. He was dirty, and it was oily, olive-looking skin.
Then they took though cat-of-nine-tails and they whipped him one time with it on this side, and then this one whipped him on this side, and he screamed out in agony.
I watched it and I started screaming and yelling, 'Stop this!
Stop this!'but nobody could hear me. But Jesus was watching—Jesus himself was with me.
I was standing outside of my body; I don't know how this happened, but Jesus was standing right here by me and he was watching himself be crucified.
One man was whipping him, and Jesus's face looked up at them and he said (I'm going to do this without crying), 'I love you.
I love you. I love you.'And he kept telling them that every single time.
They were mocking him and they grabbed a hold of his beard, and I saw them rip huge chunks of his beard out of his face.
They kept going at it, and it was almost like they were having fun; it was sick.
They took those whips and they were just beating his flesh with it and it was tearing him to pieces.
He had chunks of flesh hanging down off of his body and it was just dangling down.
It was the most grotesque thing I've ever seen in my life and blood was everywhere.
And he looked at me—this Jesus, when he was standing right here—he looked at me and he said, 'Brandon, what more?'No, he said this to me—I want to quote it exactly the way he said it—he said, 'If somebody was to ask you and challenge you about your faith, saying that you're saved, and they said, "We don't really believe you're saved; you're not going to go to heaven,"you would fight them with every single thing.
"Yes, I believe I'm saved!"You would argue with them; you would go after them.'That is what he said.
I said, 'Yes, that's right,'because I don't question that at all in my heart. He said, 'Healing is no different than your salvation.
I took your sin on my body and I took your sickness.'And he said, 'What do you not understand? By my stripes you are healed.
By my stripes you are healed.'And he said, 'When you believe in my healing power as much as you believe in my salvation, then the manifestation will come.
You've got to believe it that strong.'That is what he was telling me.
'Believe in what I did for you. What more do you need? I took it all on my body for you.
I took sickness; I took disease for you. I took it on me; by my stripes you're healed.'I saw his stripes.
I saw him. I could hear the people yelling in the background, 'Crucify him!
Crucify him!'and he was beaten to a pulp for us so that we don't have to have sickness in our bodies, so we don't have to suffer with it. By his stripes you are healed. And I saw it.
He was beaten and he was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes you are healed. Believe it as much as you believe in your salvation.
If anybody was to talk to you, try to talk you out of it, saying, 'You're not saved,'the same way you're healed—if anybody should try to tell you you're not healed, you would tell them, 'No, I'm healed.'And you've got to believe it that much inside of you.
You cannot doubt in your heart; don't doubt your heart. Believe it with all your might; believe it like you believe in your salvation. It's so much more.
We have all those sins—we just take it for granted that we are saved, whenever all the things they used to do to forgive sins, to atone for sins—killing animals, goats, and calves, and all the stuff they did to wash the sins away of the people...
we just go to him and ask him for forgiveness, and he said he's faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. But we just believe that, and it's simple.
We just believe God: "You saved me, You washed my sins away."But the same faith it took to do that—which we realize how much it probably was to wash all those things away—it took a sacrifice of Jesus.
He took our sickness in His body; then He took our poverty. He said He became poor that we might be rich; He became sick; He became all these things.
Look at it, just believe it, and He said, "Believe it with all your heart, Brandon."I don't know who that's for, but I had that, and I came back.
When I got back and I woke up the next day, I cried and cried because it was horrific what He went through.
So Jesus did that for you. Jesus died for you, and He loves you so much.
I saw those people whipping Him, and He kept telling them, "I love you, I love you."When most people would just want to spit on those other people—they were spitting on Him, they were doing all bad things, shoving that crown of thorns on His head—and He just kept saying, "I love you."And I just want to tell everybody: Jesus really does love you, and He doesn't want you to suffer.
He wants you to be blessed. Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
So I want you to have a blessed day. Father, we just thank You, Lord, for these people right now.
We just pray healing over their bodies, and we thank You, Father, for a turnaround in their circumstances right now.
In Jesus'name, we pronounce healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power going through them in the name of Jesus.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they are healed by the stripes of Jesus.
And we take authority over sickness and disease. We take authority over poverty.
We take authority over lack, not enough, and barely getting by.
We take authority over it and we say it's under our feet in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power that delivers us from all sickness, all disease in the name of Jesus Christ. And we call you whole and healed and well in Jesus'name.
Now comment down below if there's a witness with you, if you're that person that I was talking to, because I really believe the Lord wanted me to tell you.
And I hope my words gave what He did for us a little justice, because I know it's all so short of it.
In my heart, I want to... get it across to the people and so have a blessed day y'all bye-bye